the White House is saying that the US
has information that Hamas Islamic Jihad
uses hospitals in Gaza to conceal their
operations and and to hold hostages and
and you know citing intelligence sources
not really providing sources what do you
make of the the timing of these comments
in
particular uh well suspicious uh to say
the least but there's only one thing
that comes to mind Darin and I think it
comes to mind to almost every person
watching us today
who have been watching events uh the
past 20 years weapons of mass
destruction weapons of mass destruction
they haven't found a
single weapon of mass destruction in
Iraq after they destroyed the entire
country and this was based on solid
intelligence that was presented at the
United Nations by Secretary of State
Powell Colin Powell sted his own
credibility 20 years ago and told the
world trust us there is there is Weapons
of Mass destructions in Iraq Iraq was
destroyed and there were no weapons of
destructions here we are again the
Americans are saying trust us I think
the two words probably the most
dangerous words for a middle easterner
is the Americans words trust us no one
trusts them
now in as far as the int is concerned I
think there's something very important
that was ignored I think intentionally
about 10 days ago
Hamas um proposed for the United Nations
to send independent
observers to the
hospitals and to find out for themselves
to look under and over and inside and so
on so forth and to report about those uh
headquarters and ammunition centers and
all of that under hospitals shifa
hospital and what have you that call was
ignored but I think there's still room
for that call I think those so-called
the infamous uh humanitarian pauses
could allow for a
delegation an international delegation
to go in and check for themselves but no
I think the United States and Israel the
United States echoing Israel about uh
about those uh intelligence and by the
way I was just looking because now we're
looking at that Israeli uh spokesperson
under some building in Gaza it was
almost hilarious to the point of uh a
comical if it wasn't tragic that they
were showing a list of uh a calendar and
the spokesperson was was showing us how
those are the names of the terrorists in
his words but in fact if you looked
carefully it was all in Arabic and it
said as with the Godfather would say
Monday Tuesday Thursday Wednesday that's
what it was it was the days of the week
right and they were saying these were
the names of terrorists it's the thing
is when the United States comes out with
these comments at this particular time
when uh as we've been seeing and
Reporting on the horrific scenes that
are coming out of hospitals is there a
risk that this encourages Israel to ramp
up its uh operations in and around the
hospitals you know to be honest I'm not
sure if there's any more ramping up to
do right I mean look what happened just
the last few weeks the United States has
given its unconditional support and said
that you know Hamas is Isis I think
there's nothing more damning and
encouraging for the kind of genocide
that we see unraveling in Gaza than
comparing Hamas to isil so I think the
United States set the tone from the very
beginning when comparing Hamas to isol
and from then on the demonization of
Hamas did not stop now I'm not sure what
Hamas is doing in Gaza I don't know but
I would like to see evidence the problem
with the Israel and the United States
they keep they continue to say trust us
but so far they have provided not a
shred of evidence for what they're
saying